the Palestinian football team play
Australia later today in qwa in a game
that was to be held in the West Bank but
was relocated after the start of the war
in Gaza three of the Palestinian teams
players were unable to join training
ahead of the World Cup qualifier and are
stuck in Gaza players in Australia's
national team will be donating part of
their match fees towards humanitarian
causes in Gaza y mury reports from Amala
in the West Bank and parts of a report
were filmed by amra tabash in
Gaza stuck in Gaza displaced under the
threat of
bombardment Ibrahim abua should have
been on a football pitch training for
the World Cup qualifiers with the rest
of the Palestinian
team this is what's left of his home
after a bombing struck the adjoining
house and killed more than a dozen of
his
neighbors 17 people died here we found
only one of the bodies intact the others
were ripped apart two bodies are still
under the rubble we haven't been able to
dig them out we've had to identify
people from parts of their bodies my
grandparents were injured it took us 2
days to pull them
out his grandfather has recovered now
but a daily struggle for water and food
continues amid the grief of War there's
also heartache of losing out on the
opportunity of
lifetime in a sport where careers
usually have a short
span Ibrahim was described as one of the
stars of the Palestinian defense by his
team's
trainer I haven't played for 44 days
each day gets harder than the previous
one and I'm constantly scared for my
life away from Gaza in the West Bank we
met one of the Palestinian national
team's trainers
IAB Abu jazar his father died of an
illness in Gaza on the second day of the
war he wasn't able to attend the funeral
ahab's family is moving from one place
to another for safety thousands of
people have been killed in Gaza midst
these circumstances why is it important
that the Palestinian team play
football football is not just a game for
us it is a method through which we stri
for our independence it's a symbol of
our resistance and our aspiration to
achieve an officially recognized state
for every
Palestinian War sweeps up everything in
its path ibraim feels grateful to have
survived so far but it is a bleak life
without the sport that gave it
meaning yogat BBC News rala